1. Configure the Microcontroller Requirements:
    1. Selecting the target board:
        . Open the 'CubeMX' software
        . Go to: File > New Project
        . Select 'Board Selector'
        . Under 'PRODUCT INFO', Under 'Type', check 'Nucleo-64' and search for "NUCLEO-F446RE"
        . Double-click on it to start configurations. A new window will open!

    2. Configuring the clock frequency:
        . Click 'Clock Configuration' tab
        . In the 'HCLK (MHz)' input, type the required clock frequency
        . Click enter and wait to search for solutions

    3. Configuring the IO pins:
        . Click 'Pinout & Configuration' tab
        . By default, all the pins are uninitialized.
        . Click the pin to configure and select the mode from the list
        . Right-click on the pin, select 'Enter User Label' to change the pin label (label accessible in code)

    4. Project settings:
        . Click 'Project Manager' tab
        . Enter the project details
        . Select a 'Toolchain / IDE'
        . Under 'Code Generator', select 'Copy only the necessary library files'
        . Click 'GENERATE CODE'
        . Congrats! You're now ready to start coding!

2. Update / Complete the Generated Code:
    . Open the project in 'CubeIDE' software
    . Update and complete the auto generated code
    . Build the project by clicking the 'Build' icon, Build 'Debug' or Build 'Release'

3. Flash the Board Memory:
    * Using STM32 CubeProgrammer:
        1. Connecting the board:
            . Power up the board with your PC   --> LD1 should be ON and RED (Debugger is not active)
            . Open 'CubeProgrammer' software
            . Detect available boards and select the target one
            . Click 'Connect'                   --> LD1 should now be blinking in RED and GREEN (Debugger is active)

        2. Flashing the memory:
            . Click the 'Erasing & Programming' tab
            . Under 'Download', select the '.elf' generated project file
            . Under 'Download', check the programming conditions
            . Click 'Start Programming'
            . And BOOOM! Congrats!

    * Using STM32 CubeIDE:
        . Power up the board with your PC       --> LD1 should be ON and RED (Debugger is not active)
        . Click 'Debug' and select 'Debug Configurations'
        . In the 'Main' tab, select your project and the '.elf' file
        . Click the 'Debugger' tab and select the interface type (SWD / JTAG)
        . Detect available boards and select the target one
        . Click 'Debug'                         --> LD1 should now be blinking in RED and GREEN (Debugger is active)
        . Now, you can continue debugging the program or just watch it in action!
